samples: direct_test_mode: radio_test: Use MPSL FEM API (#8907)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode/README.rst

:file:`main.c` is an implementation of the UART interface specified in the `Bluetooth Core Specification`_: Vol. 6, Part F, Chap. 3.

The default selection of UART pins is defined in :file:`zephyr/boards/arm/board_name/board_name.dts`.

> You can change the defaults using the symbols ``tx-pin`` and ``rx-pin`` in the child image DTS overlay file at the project level.
> Overlays files for the :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` child image are located in the :file:`child_image/remote_shell` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the defaults using the symbols ``tx-pin`` and ``rx-pin`` in the DTS overlay file of the child image at the project level.
The overlay files for the :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` child image are located in at :file:`child_image/remote_shell` directory.
```

.. note::

>    On the nRF5340 development kit, the application core physical UART interface is used for communication with the tester device.
>    The DTM sample uses :ref:`uart_ipc` driver for sending responses and receiving commands through the application core UART interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On the nRF5340 development kit, the physical UART interface of the application core is used for communication with the tester device.
   This sample uses the :ref:`uart_ipc` driver for sending responses and receiving commands through the UART interface of the application core.
```

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

.. note::

>    On the nRF5340 development kit, the Direct Test Mode sample requires :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` sample on the application core.
>    The :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` is built and programmed automatically by default.
>    If you want to program your custom solution for the application core, unset the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_REMOTE_SHELL_CHILD_IMAGE` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On the nRF5340 development kit, this sample requires the :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` sample on the application core.
   The Remote IPC shell sample is built and programmed automatically by default.
   If you want to program your custom solution for the application core, unset the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_REMOTE_SHELL_CHILD_IMAGE` Kconfig option.
```
Took out the other link because we just linked to the same in the previous sentence.

USB CDC ACM transport variant
=============================

> On the nRF5340 development kit, you can build this sample in configuration using the USB interface as a communication interface with tester.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the nRF5340 development kit, you can build this sample configured to use the USB interface as a communication interface with the tester.
```

> .. code-block:: console
> 
>   west build samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet -- -DCONFIG_DTM_USB=y

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console

   west build samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet -- -DCONFIG_DTM_USB=y
```

You can also build this sample with support for the front-end module.

> You can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command:
```

> .. code-block:: console
> 
>   west build samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet -- -DSHIELD=nrf21540_ek -DCONFIG_DTM_USB=y

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console

   west build samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet -- -DSHIELD=nrf21540_ek -DCONFIG_DTM_USB=y
```

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following |NCS| libraries:

  * :ref:`uart_ipc`

This sample uses the following nrfx dependencies:

  * ``nrfx/drivers/include/nrfx_timer.h``
  * ``nrfx/hal/nrf_nvmc.h``
  * ``nrfx/hal/nrf_radio.h``
  * ``nrfx/helpers/nrfx_gppi.h``

> The sample also uses the following nrfxlib dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample also has the following nrfxlib dependency:
```
